[EDU-2471] Add RE missing variables (#291)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/products/edge-application/rules-engine.mdx

| `${remote_addr}` | The IP address of the client performing the HTTP request. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${remote_port}` | The HTTP port being used in the request URL of the client. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${remote_user}` | The username provided by basic authentication, if any. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${request}` | Complete request query. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${request_method}` | The HTTP method of the request. For example: `GET`. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${request_uri}` | The complete URI of the request, with arguments (query string). | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${scheme}` | The scheme of the request. For example: `http` or `https`. | Request Phase<br />Response Phase |
| `${sent_http_name}` | The value of the response header field name. The name argument must be converted to lowercase and the hyphens must be converted to underscore. For example: `${sent_http_content_length}` will take the value of the `Content-Length` header. | Response Phase |

> | `${server_addr}` | The IP address of the server that is receiving the HTTP request. | Request Phase |

Author: ```suggestion
| `${server_addr}` | The IP address of the server that will be receiving the HTTP request. | Request Phase |
```

> | `${server_port}` | The HTTP port of the server that receives the request. | Request Phase |

Reviewer: can it be "is receiving", same as the one on top?

> | `${server_port}` | The HTTP port of the server that receives the request. | Request Phase |

Author: ```suggestion
| `${server_port}` | The HTTP port of the server that will be receiving the request. | Request Phase |
```

| `${status}` | Status code of the response. | Response Phase |

> | `${tcpinfo_rtt}` | Round Trip Time (RTT) of the client's TCP connection, in microseconds. | Response Phase |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${tcpinfo_rtt}` | Round-Trip Time (RTT) of the client's TCP connection, in microseconds. | Response Phase |
```
